[PNRv2] - Billing and services updates (#7578)
ovh/docs: pages/account_and_service_management/managing_billing_payments_and_services/add_cloud_credit_to_project/guide.en-ie.md

## Requirements

> - A [Public Cloud project](https://www.ovhcloud.com/en-ie/public-cloud/) in your OVHcloud account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [Public Cloud project](/links/public-cloud/public-cloud) in your OVHcloud account
```
